Who might be excluded in accessing your community activities in their current form?
Have a think about who might be excluded from your community and why this might be. Some examples might include: people with jobs, people with caring responsibilities such as a child or another family member, wheelchair users, women and non-binary people, mature students. This is far from a complete list, but enough to get you started.

In our community, we are not involving the children or other family members. Because the way of thinking might be different from their perspective. In this community, we are conducting many technical events and even we are creating many platforms to make a student explore. To make these platforms execute better we are seeking suggestions from superior people.
 
Handling negative scenarios
### What are some of the negative scenarios which might happen while running activities for your community which will make them less inclusive to marginalized groups?
Try and provide at least 4-5 examples
Example:(1):- A community that feels threatened by its growing diversity or is at a loss about what to do with the newcomers is at risk for all kinds of harmful confrontations including riots. When the new members started to move into the community, the existing organizations, which reflected the dominant culture, did nothing to change the way they go about doing their business. Most likely, if there had been structures and processes in the community to ensure that all its citizens were treated equally and fairly. Such negative incidents, which have happened before and continue to occur in some communities, demonstrate how important it is for us to build an inclusive community.
Example(2):- Time management Problem:-The university is academically complex. For many, college courses require more effort than college efforts. Most students try to get 15 points, while others try to get 18 points or even 21 points. From time to time it seems impossible to keep up with everything. The solution has known your limits. If you can not maintain 18 points per semester, you will have to reduce your speed and get only 15 points. Although the goal of a college education is to learn as much as possible, it does not always mean that you are studying. It is important to plan some time to have fun and give you the engine to keep your head fresh and open. 
Example(3):-Everyone wants to make their best impression during a conversation, but sometimes it's hard to pay attention to how you're communicating when you're so caught up in a topic. If you want to impress others and deliver your thoughts effectively, you'll want to pay attention to some conversations mistakes to avoid — especially if you want to stick out in people's minds for all the right reasons. Of course, you should never have to compromise who you are or say something you don't mean just to get someone to think highly of you, but you also may want to refrain from rubbing someone the wrong way or coming off negatively unintentionally.
Example(4):-Bad Teamwork:-In a team, attitude is contagious. If one or more members of the team have a bad attitude, this ambiance can permeate throughout the rest of the team. This will not help the educational achieve its goals. community leads need to work hard to keep everyone motivated and to identify negative attitudes early so that the appropriate individuals can address the problem. A communication breakdown is a clear sign of team dysfunction. It can be manifest itself in sidebar conversations decreased engagement and even workplace bullying.
     
What steps will you take to avoid these scenarios?
Thinking about how to avoid these scenarios from the beginning is key. For each of the examples above, provide a brief explanation about how you'll avoid them happening.
 
 Balance your risk-averse fears:-If you are extraordinarily risk-averse you likely focus on the catastrophic possibilities, rather than thinking strategically. A high level of risk intolerance is based on fear--mostly fear of the unknown. Balance your fears with facts and a solid plan. With each phase of your plan ask yourself, "What results do I need to see to move to the next step?" Someone who avoids risk will negate their success to avoid investing at the next level. If you have your acceptable terms in writing, the next action steps will come from factually based information, rather than fear. Have a mutable plan. You are an entrepreneur; challenges are inevitable. Viewing these from a negative perspective will halt your progress, whereas, when you acknowledge the unexpected curve balls and move forward despite them, success is yours for the taking. A strategic plan based on "A leads to B" thinking stumps entrepreneurs when "A" does not turn out as planned.
Your plan needs to be like water: fluid and flowing. Be conscious of the difference between planning for the worst-case scenario and anticipating it. Build a smart plan that includes the "what ifs" by studying how larger companies manage controversy, growth, and innovation. Avoid external negativity.
All of us are affected by the lower energies of naysayers and negativity. If you are a negative thinker you have a shorter distance to fall before you reach the outer borders of depression. Take steps to remove or avoid people who hurt the way you think and feel. It's not always possible if these people are family members, but you can refuse to engage in a downward spiraling conversation. Acknowledge their comments and move on. Social media and the news can also strongly influence the way we feel and think. Unfollow the people who are combative and unhelpful. Watch the tone in your posts, opting for more upbeat viewpoints. Be aware of how much news you take in daily; there is a fine line between being informed and being psychologically connected to doom and gloom. Avoid saying, "yes but".The way you say "yes" will greatly impact the outcome of any conversation. Adding the word, "but" after yes opens the door to doubt and negativity. Instead, use the word, "and"-- a qualifier that can turbocharge the power of "yes". If you have doubts, you can still voice them by connecting your thoughts with the word "and", which will prevent a downward spiral in the conversation and lead to a positive ROI on your "yes".Counter negative thoughts with uplifting visualizations. Internal responses to each of our life-events are embedded in neural pathways and influence our future behavior. Unhealthy responses can become dominant and overtake our actions and emotions if we don't engage in reprogramming efforts. Visualization is one of the more powerful reprogramming techniques, and you don't need an expert to guide you through it. When you are stuck in a loop of negative thinking, consciously redirect your thoughts to more desirable possibilities. Instead of allowing your "what if" mindset to take a downward path, imagine and visualize more uplifting "what ifs". What if this idea does work? What if they love my idea? What if I become happy and successful? Picture and feel this outcome instead of something much less desirable

Designing for your community's needs
It's key to respect the surrounding physical and social context when designing retail spaces. Cookie-cutter commercial corridors are going to work for no one. But building off of a basic set of standards would make developers' work much easier.

There are many factors to consider, of course. Scale is one of them. New HPD projects will vary widely in terms of their size, dictated mostly by the available land. Some retail spaces in these new developments will be appropriate for big supermarkets; and others will need to fit into the street wall around them. 

Perhaps a grading system of spaces might be helpful in determining the most effective type of commercial activity. Retail spaces could be tiered by context or square footage to ensure they fit in with the existing streetscape.

Needs facilitated
What needs are you going to make efforts to facilitate? How will you facilitate them?
Facilitation is the practice of providing leadership without taking the reins. As a facilitator for community engagement your role is to get others to take responsibility and to take the lead on different tasks that will result in collaborative efforts to address the issue around which the engagement is taking place. Develop a common understanding of the root causes of the problem frame the problem in the context of the community develop shared goals and objectives that will address the problem put together and implement projects that will achieve the objectives evaluate the effectiveness of the projects and engagement process

Needs not facilitated
What needs won't you be able to facilitate? Why is this?
The strength of the relationships is represented by the lines.  The heavier the line, the stronger the relationship.  The dashed line indicates uncertainty of a relationship.  Relationships can be formed with or with the internet, though the internet search engines or social media may have played some role in leading to the formation of the relationship.  The actual relationships are more intricate than what is represented here, but this illustration provides for an initial framework that can be revised as community knowledge is collected and disseminated.
In providing a site infrastructure, it is important to consider the ways in which people collect information and communicate.  Multiple methods can be employed.  A directory can be implemented to capture and identify individuals and business that represent these segments with an available communication channel from the individuals seeking help.  If the needed information cannot be located there, a forum could be available to allow these individuals to communicate their needs.  Certainly the site providing this infrastructure should have a mechanism in place so that individuals can communicate their needs to the site and that the site, in turn, can reach out to the community.

Provide a link to your Code of Conduct
Every community should have a clear Code of Conduct. It should be specific about what behavior is encouraged, what is unacceptable, and how you will respond to those who break the rules. It should also be accessible easily online - so please provide a link to it here.

https://drive.google.com/file/d/1GpIq4OMIbUBQ8cF483jT_eDfZKJYJ3eP/view?usp=sharing

Note: this should be a specific code of conduct for your community, not a generic one.

